never make anything happen anything you
couldn't explain you're a wizard Harry
I'm a what day mr. Potter we are pleased
to inform you that you have been
accepted Oh Core School of Witchcraft
and Wizardry
you betrayed my parents you're the
reason that debt it was that things have
changed they fold more building up an
army our once fight it's your turn once
again I must ask too much of you
I think the most intriguing thing about
hallows part one is the fact that we're
not awkward anymore
suddenly you take them out on the road
and they feel very small in this very
big world and it's a very real world and
it's a very dangerous world these are
dark times there is no denying Marion
Ron and Hermione are forced to leave
it's a huge journey for all three of
them I can't fight this war on your own
mr. Potter the reason they're here the
reason they're on this journey is much
bigger than any one of them or even all
three of them what's at stake is much
more important than any of their
individual lives longer we stay here the
stronger he gets
rule on the run and anything could
happen we could get attacked at any
moment nowheres safe it makes it very
exciting
they need to destroy Voldemort in order
to preserve and save the Wizarding World
nobody else gonna die not for me they're
all going to be no more Harry Potter
films after these two are released
there's this feeling on set like
everyone is just giving that everything
to it
healthy
you